Update aws cfg ephemeral templates for pulumi and terraform (#650)
nitrictech/docs: docs/providers/pulumi/aws/configuration.mdx

      # See lambda timeout values here:
      # https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/configuration-function-common.html#configuration-timeout-console
      timeout: 15

>       # set the amount of ephemeral-storage: of 512MB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # set the amount of ephemeral-storage in MB
```

      # See lambda timeout values here:
      # https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/configuration-function-common.html#configuration-timeout-console
      timeout: 15

>       # set the amount of ephemeral-storage: of 512MB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # set the amount of ephemeral-storage in MB
```
